i have already shared the pizza recipe on tawa for all readers who does not have oven in home. also, the pizza dough was prepared with baking soda and powder as compared to this recipe which i have prepared with yeast.  also, i have added mushroom in this recipe as compared to the previous one. mushroom haters can easily skip it if you do not wish too. also slices of pineapple, basil leaves and even broccoli and roasted garlic can also be added.
his recipe was long due from me as one of my reader had requested it long back. well, to be honest this is my third attempt of veg pizza recipe with yeast as previously i was not satisfied with the result. i prefer to have thin crust pizza, and in my previous 2 attempts i was not able to achieve it. hence i would say this is a tried and tested recipe and less likely to go wrong. also, the other most important take away from my previous attempt was to with cheese toppings. because i have topped my pizza with 5 different vegetables, i would recommend to add cheese after vegetables topping. this would ensure the vegetables to be cooked properly. if you are topping with just 1-2 vegetables, cheese can be added well ahead in advance.

finally, i would like to highlight my other international recipes collection from my website. especially, eggless chocolate cake, french fries, hakka noodles, vanilla ice cream, garlic bread recipe, cheesy bread roll, white sauce pasta and bread pizza recipe. in addition do check my other recipes collection board like,